feat(curriculum): added the Tower of Hanoi Python project (#51347)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-recursion-by-solving-the-tower-of-hanoi-puzzle/64de79de2fac6b1536ebcfdd.md

---
id: 64de79de2fac6b1536ebcfdd
title: Step 35
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-35
---

# --description--

> If you are celebrating for getting to iterative solution of the Tower of Hanoi, I suggest you to change the number of disks into `4` and look at the output.

Reviewer: We should avoid using [`I`, `we`, `me`, `us`] in the curriculum.

```suggestion
The iterative solution of Tower of Hanoi might appears complete, but change the number of disks into `4` and look at the output.
```

---
id: 64de79de2fac6b1536ebcfdd
title: Step 37
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-37
---

# --description--

> The iterative solution of Tower of Hanoi might appears complete, but change the number of disks into `4` and look at the output.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The iterative solution of Tower of Hanoi might seem complete, but change the number of disks to `4` and look at the output.
```

# --hints--

You should set `NUMBER_OF_DISKS` to 4.

```js
({ test: () => assert.equal(__userGlobals.get('NUMBER_OF_DISKS'), 4) })
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```py
--fcc-editable-region--
NUMBER_OF_DISKS = 3
--fcc-editable-region--

> number_of_moves = 2 ** NUMBER_OF_DISKS - 1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
number_of_moves = 2**NUMBER_OF_DISKS - 1
```

rods = {
    'A': list(range(NUMBER_OF_DISKS, 0, -1)),
    'B': [],
    'C': []
}

def make_allowed_move(rod1, rod2):    
    forward = False
    if not rods[rod2]:
        forward = True
    elif rods[rod1] and rods[rod1][-1] < rods[rod2][-1]:

>         forward = True              
>     if forward:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        forward = True      
                
    if forward:
```

        print(f'Moving disk {rods[rod1][-1]} from {rod1} to {rod2}')
        rods[rod2].append(rods[rod1].pop())
    else:
        print(f'Moving disk {rods[rod2][-1]} from {rod2} to {rod1}')
        rods[rod1].append(rods[rod2].pop())
    

>     # display our progress

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    # Display our progress
```

    print(rods, '\n')

def move(n, source, auxiliary, target):

>     # display starting configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    # Display starting configuration
```

    print(rods, '\n')
    for i in range(number_of_moves):
        remainder = (i + 1) % 3
        if remainder == 1:
            print(f'Move {i + 1} allowed between {source} and {target}')
            make_allowed_move(source, target)
        elif remainder == 2:
            print(f'Move {i + 1} allowed between {source} and {auxiliary}')
            make_allowed_move(source, auxiliary)
        elif remainder == 0:
            print(f'Move {i + 1} allowed between {auxiliary} and {target}')
            make_allowed_move(auxiliary, target)

> # initiate call from source A to target C with auxiliary B

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Initiate call from source A to target C with auxiliary B
```
